# AndroidDevChallenge
Agriculture has always been an important sector throughout the globe which is serving almost 80% of the population directly or indirectly.  In India, this is been a problem for a very long time where crop production for land gets affected due to various soil health issues and for the same more fertilizers are used with inappropriate proportions.

So, to maximize the effect of this agricultural wave and also to move ahead with advancements.Farminsights is an initiative project which is going to be submitted in AndroidDevChallenge'19. This is based on how we have/will integrate the Machine Learning Models to predict the Fertilizer Content for a particular land and also giving the user multiple combinations of fertilizers which are suitable for the user's holding. Along with this to improve the precision agriculture and cost management, whatever combination is given to the user along with it he will also get in what proportions(kg) he has to apply. This will increase land productivity and minimize the over or underuse of a particular fertilizer. 

Another great feature will be its smart navigation which will give teh user quicker insights about the changes which are going on or will happen due to weather or other atmospheric conditions. Machine learning will not only help in providing best-suited combinations for a particular land but also we will use this technology to tackle some serious agriculture problems like land fragmentation after getting proper soil health chart to improve productivity over time.
